How is the situation of the Supreme Emperor?
Know what others are like
Is he all right?
fifth brother
The father and the meaning are in it
Zhuoma is waiting for the omen again
OK
The emperor's grandfather and man have their own heaven
Don't be too sad, siblings
concubine
Don't be sad
I'll accompany you to relax
A rare beauty indeed
No wonder some people like it
However, George is now with the Queen
Inherited by King Qi, Daoyuan Kangli is deeply in love
What do you want?
This is in the palace
The emperor has decrees
King Xuan and Princess Chu enter the hall
Be honest with me
Heart failure breathing difficulties
Dopamine injections can save lives
And then prunolol acid.
If you can save the emperor
I kind of have a backer
It's just that if I want to heal Yuwen Hao, I will definitely stop it
Get down on your knees
Oh.
Don't play tricks
otherwise
I see.
Grandfather Huang
Ma zui
Don't be afraid, old man
I'm here to save you.
You're a woman.
How dare you poison the emperor's grandfather?